In the book Tribe of Hackers, I read and decided to choose Dan Cornell, Kim Crawley, and Deidre Diamond, but I will mostly focus on Dan Cornell. I chose Cornell because I was not only interested in his background from a software programmer to an application security, but I was fascinated by how he has a positive attitude but also does not expect everything to be perfect. I would put Deidre Diamond as my second choice, then Kim Crawley as third.

I chose Deidre Diamond as second choice because she mostly talked about her career in business and not much in cyber security. But, I really was still interested in her career as a salesperson and integrated cyber security later in her career, and she also led a company from $800K to $500 M of recurring revenue over four years. I respect Diamond’s achievements and her skills, and I understand cyber security and business go hand to hand. But, I wanted to learn more about the cyber security side of a business company.

 Kim Crawley is last because I did not like Crawley’s character and I was not very interested in blogging or publishing in magazines. I liked her connection to cyber threats with social engineering and how companies should train their employees on how to prevent social engineering attacks. However, Crawley had some personal opinions that I do not agree with like being fake when networking or not liking Oprah for some reason. I do have some common hobbies with Crawley and I am interested in her technical theories and thoughts but I do not like her opinions.

 My reasoning on why Dan Cornell is my first choice is because I wanted a similar career as him and have very similar goals. Dan Cornell is a globally recognized application security expert and was a software programmer at first, like I wanted. When I first learned about coding and computer science, I wanted to become a software programmer but I found out about cybersecurity and what happens behind the scenes of using the internet. Cornell is also very healthy and his life hack was to be exercising and dieting because you will be physically better as well as mentally. Additionally, he has great quotes like “One key thing I’ve noticed is that highly successful folks focus on solving problems, not just pointing them out”(p. 88). He has a positive attitude when facing problems and mistakes, and he understands that everything can not be perfect but we can decrease the risk and increase the speed at which we respond to the problem.

In conclusion, I will choose Dan Cornell out of the three because of his attitude and perspective. I wanted a software programmer career similar to Cornell and it was very interesting to read how he became an application security expert. His knowledge on the subject was very eye opening, but also his advice on improving yourself physically and mentally. I would consider application security as a career, as I am a IT major with a focus in cybersecurity, but I would like to decide my career path when I have more experience.

Works Cited:

Carey, M. J., & Jin, J. (2019). Tribe of Hackers: Cybersecurity Advice from the Best Hackers in the World (1st ed.). Wiley.
